Standardize DD_TAGS format (#162)
DataDog/datadog-cloudfoundry-buildpack: README.md

  DD_API_KEY: <DATADOG_API_KEY>
```

#### Assigning Tags

> Custom tags can be configured via the environmnet variable `DD_TAGS` in the application manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom tags can be configured with the environment variable `DD_TAGS` in the application manifest.
```

> The tags must be a comma separated list. To use a different separator, set the `DD_TAGS_SEP` variable to the desired separator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tags must be a comma separated list. To use a different separator, set `DD_TAGS_SEP` to the desired separator.
```

```yaml
env:
  DD_TAGS: "key1:value1,key2:value2,key3:value3"
  DD_TAGS_SEP: "," 

> ```

Reviewer 2: Can we also include a note about where the custom tags are included?
